fix typos (#2847)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/c_api/color.rst

.. c:function:: PyObject* pgColor_New(Uint8 rgba[])

>    Return a new :py:class:`pygame.Color` instance for the four element array *rgba*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Returns a new :py:class:`pygame.Color` instance from the four element array *rgba*.
```

Reviewer: Otherwise looks good to me.
